This is a free and open- source
alternative to Claude Code that lets you
vibe code full stack apps with no limits
and no payw walls. It's called Open
Code. And here you get free access to
top coding models from Kimmy, Miniax,
GLM, and multiple unreleased models from
top AI companies, all with generous free
limits. Plus, you still get all the
features you'd expect like commands, MCP
servers, skills, sub agents, and more.
Now, to use it, either download their
app from their website or just run this
one command in your terminal to install
it, and then you're done. So, if you
want to try it for yourselves, just
comment coding and I'll send you the
link directly.